[Music]
fitness trackers and fancy smart watches
are fine for monitoring your heart rate
and even the miles you cover on a run
they're not so good at measuring the
number of calories you've burned though
a 2017 study from the stanford
university school of medicine
showed that fitness trackers and smart
watches have error margins of less than
five percent when it comes to measuring
heart rates
that's pretty good so you can be
confident in whatever reading you're
getting
the problem is with the devices
measuring energy expenditure accurately
or calendars burn even the best was off
by an average of
27 the worst was off by a crazy 93
percent
that means they're very unreliable and
shouldn't be trusted
fitness trackers don't work well for
measuring calories because we all have
different heights
weights diets and many other things that
means we all burn calories at completely
different rates
the trackers are often programmed with a
preset average height and weight
so if you're going to use one take it
with a grain of salt
unless you're trying to reduce your
sodium intake sunscreens have only one
job to do and that's protecting us from
the harmful ultraviolet rays
in 2017 though a study found that many
popular brands
failed to protect at all with only one
in four working
most sunscreens didn't protect users
from ultraviolet a
and b rays at all some manufacturers
also claim that these products had an
spf of over 50 which sounds very high
quality
but the actual spf was much lower than
that
the misleading labeling means we aren't
as protected as we think when we're at
the beach
so when you're out shopping for
sunscreen make sure you look at the
ingredients and apply more than you
think you should
ooh sports drinks an essential item for
anyone working out
these bright colored drinks are filled
with electrolytes that will increase
your performance
and rehydrate you fast the problem is
we're not all athletes
so most people would be better if they
just drink water instead
sports drinks are made up of water with
some minerals and lots of sugar
coloring and flavor those minerals are
electrolytes which can help our bodies
go longer
your exercise habits the duration and
the intensity of your training
all come into whether you really need
that extra boost
while sports drinks can benefit athletes
engaged in long
or intense training they're not really
necessary for most gym goers
sports drinks are probably pointless if
you're only doing like to moderate
exercise
like walking or jogging over a short
period of time
after using a toaster for most of your
life most people still haven't figured
out how to get a perfect heat setting
it turns out that burnt toast is
probably just down to a simple
misconception those numbers on your
toaster aren't heat levels at all
they're actually minutes the dial is
basically just a timer
that means all you need to do is look up
how long it takes to toast certain
things
and you'll never ruin your breakfast
again hey i
like bird toast i'm used to it most of
us rely on wireless technology to carry
out normal everyday tasks
it can be very frustrating when
technology stops working
and interrupts your day in fact the only
thing more frustrating might be not
knowing why it isn't working
the worst culprit here is your cell
phone it'll often show really great
reception but somehow
can't make a phone call the bars on a
cell phone actually don't mean anything
the way they receive the signal differs
a lot between different makes and models
of phone
there's even a big difference between
what the bars mean from
one phone to another meanwhile watching
a progress bar showing the percentage of
time left to complete a download on our
phones or pc
can be tedious sometimes they just seem
to be stuck
doing nothing bad news they don't really
work
at least not in the way we think the
system updates the progress bar when
certain milestones are reached
a progress bar at 50 percent doesn't
mean half the file has been downloaded
almost all the files could have been
downloaded the point of them is to give
you something visual to look at
progress bars aren't accurate because
downloads and transfers
have too many variables beyond the
system's control
internet speeds and network availability
are the coordinators of
how quickly a download will complete
while your computer's hard drive
determines how fast things process and
information gets put in the right files
it's probably best to make a coffee or
set things up to download while you're
in bed
instead of constantly checking up on an
incorrect progress bar
elsewhere stopping at a crosswalk and
pressing the button hoping the walk
signal will come up
might just be a waste of your time it
turns out that all that button pushing
could be for nothing
some crosswalk buttons need to be
pressed but others don't do anything at
all the crossing symbol will just light
up whenever it wants to
some crosswalks even switch between
kneading and not needing a button press
depending on the time of day that said
it can be difficult for
all of us pedestrians to determine
whether a crosswalk button
works or not when in doubt just push the
button anyway
you don't want to stand around waiting
for no reason
with more people going into the water
and sharks well living in the water
the fear of bumping into a not so
friendly shark is ever increasing
this shared water space has pushed many
companies to try to create
shark repellents this sounds like a good
idea that should help keep both people
and sharks more safe companies have
tried
everything sprays wetsuits magnets wax
and even electronic devices to repel the
scary fish
the bad news is none of these products
are confirmed to
actually work one in particular makes
the sound of an
orca sharks aren't too fond of being in
the same area as them
but does pretending you're an orca stop
a shark from biting you
if you feel safe for using them then go
right ahead
but if you're looking for a shark
deterrent that's 100 effective
it's just not available here's what
actually works
stay out of the water rushing into an
elevator and repeatedly pushing the
closed door button in the us
is basically a huge waste of time unless
you've got the
special trick in 1990 the u.s passed a
disabilities act for elevators
which meant that elevators had to ensure
that someone with a disability
had time to get inside one if you're on
crutches use a cane or travel in a
wheelchair
you don't have to worry about someone
accidentally closing the elevator doors
before you've had a chance to pass
through them
there's one important loophole to this
if you're an emergency or maintenance
worker
you'll have access to keys and codes
that make that button operational
this is just another example of a
placebo button you're invited to push
just to make you feel like you've done
something that impatient finger poking
isn't doing anything getting a bit warm
or cold in the office
better adjust that thermostat
unfortunately in the vast majority of
office buildings
the system controls are kept inside air
ducts not on the wall
technicians install dummy thermostats to
give workers the illusion that they're
dramatically changing the air
conditioning or heat
some are set to change one or two
degrees but they're often not connected
to
anything at all dummy thermostats came
about around the 1960s
as heating prices rose building leases
often required employers to stay within
specific temperatures
faced with this problem fake thermostats
became a new rage for businesses
they offer people some feeling of
control while keeping the temperature in
the right range
now ever come across some premium pc
cleaning software that promises to clean
your pc
and make it go as fast as when you
purchase it yeah
these third-party pc cleaners are often
made to seem like they really work
but they usually don't do much of
anything at all
they'll detect non-problems and list
them as problems the worst example of
this
is when they list browser cookies and
temporary files as having an effect on
the computer speed
when they don't it's better to stick to
the operating system's built-in cleaner
it'll work fine if you ever need to
clean your computer and save you having
to splash out on one
that does pretty much the same thing
well that's all i got
time to burn some toast